Made page mobile-friendly, other improvements (#71)
TartanLlama/secret-hitler-strategies: _chapters/experimental_strategy.md

Early voting can be unproportionally counted on compared to other votes. In the first round of voting, Fascists have the advantage and it is likely that Liberals will vote against, wasting a potential government. Flip-flopping between games can help mitigate this due to balancing skeptical Liberals to optimistic ones. WARNING: This has a side effect of unpredictable player meta; players may see you as untrustworthy because they cannot reason about your initial vote - especially if you were next in line to be President.

### The Slow Burn

> Liberal, investigating a fascist, claims they are a liberal, sits on that information for a while and then reveals that person is a fascist later.

Reviewer: I would change this sentence entirely to something like this:
```suggestion
Here a liberal, investigating a fascist, claims the investigatee is a liberal. They sit on that information for a while and then reveals that the investigated player is a fascist later.
```
